Hello guys. In this video, I want to
show you how to make a real engine game
intro like this. Okay, let's go.
To create this intro, you need to add
the real engine logo
here from the Google Chrome. A real
engine logo. Download one of them. For
example, I want to download all of this.
Save image
desktop.
Rename it logo number one.
After that, I need another logo. I want
to use my
AR fusion
logo
channel.
Okay. After that, we have to remove the
background. To do that, we have to go
here. Search for promo v.
Upload image.
Drag the first one.
Now go here and drag this one.
After that we have to go here.
Delete this logo.
Now go number one.
The first part are done. Are removing.
Let's remove those.
Want to use those. Okay. And now let's
open the Camtasia.
Create new project.
Okay, it's opened. Now what you have to
do
is to go here to desktop
first logo. Drag it right here.
make it here.
Now go to the behavior.
Okay. I want to use this animation for
this.
Okay. Let's see.
Make it right here.
Now let's take a drag the second one.
behave.
Let's add this animation.
For this tutorial, I want to use
animation for you. You can use what do
you want.
Okay, fine. Now, hit export.
like this one. Introduce
finished.
Now close this.
Let's go here.
Close it and open the engine.
Now go to games,
select third person or rename the person
what you want to create.
Okay, now let's continue the work.
How to add this intro? We have to go
here to the edit project setting
movies.
Okay, we have to type here movies. Wait
for the two for movies to complete them.
Once this one or movie are skip
you can choose one of them. You want to
set this first one. Click this plus
button
and add my movie.
Here is my movie in the Camtasia
and enter. You need to copy it. Copy it.
Now let's see it works or not. Let's go
here
to stand on mode.
Okay, it works very fine.
Now, let's go to the game.
Okay.
[Music]